VIS 2021 Arts Program - submission 1037
Decoding and encoding of Tibetan
Shanghai Academy of Fine Arts, Shanghai University

Anqi Song 3304981670@qq.com
Xintong Song 1075344669@qq.com
Yuhao Chen 756059577@qq.com
Guangyu Luo 824677403@qq.com
Qiansheng Li qiansheng.li@qq.com

Artist bio：

 Song Anqi, born in 1996, is currently studying for a master's degree in digital Interactive Art from The School of Fine Arts, Shanghai University. Her current creation focuses on exploring more possibilities by combining intangible cultural heritage techniques with data visualization and narrative, and her main direction is data visualization design, digital humanities and interaction design. Works are often presented in the form of Web pages and product designs. It is believed that humanistic knowledge can be reshaped and transformed through design, calculation, analysis, visualization and other means.

Song Xintong is currently a postgraduate student of Shanghai Academy of Fine Arts, Shanghai University. Her major is digital interactive technology and performance. Her current research focuses on data visualization design, interaction design and user experience design.

Luo Guangyu, Master. Lead illustrator of the artwork submitted for this art Visualization Competition. She studied at Shanghai Academy of Fine Arts with a bachelor's degree in digital media art and a master's degree in design. Her current research focuses on illustration, story book and material application in mural creation.

Chen Yuhao is currently a postgraduate student of Shanghai Academy of Fine Arts, Shanghai University. His major is digital interactive technology and performance, focusing on interaction and public space design. Undergraduate at the Shanghai Film Academy, good at screenwriting, shooting, editing and post-production of video. Hope to combine interaction, imagery and space design to explore new ways of visual representation.

Li Qiansheng, Ph.D., Associate Professor, deputy dean of the Department of Digital Art of the Shanghai Academy of Fine Arts College, member of the Information and Interaction Design Committee of the China Industrial Design Association, member of the Visualization Committee of the Chinese Society of Image and Graphics, and member of the Shanghai Creative Workers Association. Visiting Scholar of Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab. His research interests include Information Design, Data Visualization, and Digital Humanities. Focus on establishing a practical path between big data, machine intelligence and design, also rethinking the relationship between human, culture and machine in the age of Artificial Intelligence.

Artist website URL：
http://www.shu-iids.com/ich-data-story/index.html